README.md, before:

# NoBuild

A simple Minecraft plugin that prevents non-admin players from placing blocks. Players can still break and collect items. Operators or players with the permission `nobuild.bypass` are exempt from this restriction.

This project targets Spigot **1.21.1**.

## How to Build and Install

Follow these steps to compile the plugin and deploy it on your Spigot server.

1. **Install Java and Maven**
   - Make sure Java Development Kit (JDK) 8 or later is installed. You can verify by running `java -version`.
   - Install Apache Maven and verify with `mvn -version`.
2. **Clone or Download This Repository**
   - `git clone <repository-url>` or download the ZIP archive and extract it.
   - `cd` into the `mc_nobuild` project directory.
3. **Compile the Plugin**
   - Run `mvn package` from the project root. Maven will download the Spigot API dependency and produce a JAR file.
   - When the build finishes, look in the `target/` directory for a file named similar to `nobuild-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar`.
4. **Prepare a Spigot Server**
   - Obtain a Spigot 1.21.1 server JAR and set up a server folder.
   - Start the server once to generate the default folders if you haven't already.
5. **Install the Plugin**
   - Copy the JAR from the `target/` directory into your server's `plugins/` folder.
   - Restart or start the server. Spigot will load the NoBuild plugin during startup.
6. **Verify and Configure**
   - Run `/plugins` in the server console or in-game to confirm that "NoBuild" appears in the list.
   - Grant the `nobuild.bypass` permission to any players who should be allowed to build.

Once installed, non-operator players without the permission will be unable to place blocks, helping prevent griefing on your server.

## Makefile Commands

You can also use the provided Makefile for common development tasks:

- `make compile` – Build the plugin JAR with Maven.
- `make test` – Run any unit tests.
- `make lint` – Execute Checkstyle analysis.

Commit message:

docs: add Java 21 WSL setup

README.md, after:

# NoBuild

A simple Minecraft plugin that prevents non-admin players from placing blocks. Players can still break and collect items. Operators or players with the permission `nobuild.bypass` are exempt from this restriction.

This project targets Spigot **1.21.1**.

## Getting Started on Ubuntu WSL

If you are using Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) with the Ubuntu
distribution, follow these steps to install the necessary tools and build the
plugin with **Java 21**.

1. **Install required packages**
   ```bash
   sudo apt update
   sudo apt install openjdk-21-jdk maven git
   ```
2. **Verify the Java installation**
   ```bash
   java --version    # should print version 21
   mvn -version      # confirms Maven sees Java 21
   ```
3. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd mc_nobuild
   ```
4. **Compile the plugin**
   ```bash
   mvn package
   ```
   The build output appears under `target/` when the process completes.

You can now continue with the regular installation steps below to place the
JAR in your Spigot server's `plugins` directory.

## How to Build and Install

Follow these steps to compile the plugin and deploy it on your Spigot server.

1. **Install Java and Maven**
   - Make sure Java Development Kit (JDK) 8 or later is installed. You can verify by running `java -version`.
   - Install Apache Maven and verify with `mvn -version`.
2. **Clone or Download This Repository**
   - `git clone <repository-url>` or download the ZIP archive and extract it.
   - `cd` into the `mc_nobuild` project directory.
3. **Compile the Plugin**
   - Run `mvn package` from the project root. Maven will download the Spigot API dependency and produce a JAR file.
   - When the build finishes, look in the `target/` directory for a file named similar to `nobuild-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar`.
4. **Prepare a Spigot Server**
   - Obtain a Spigot 1.21.1 server JAR and set up a server folder.
   - Start the server once to generate the default folders if you haven't already.
5. **Install the Plugin**
   - Copy the JAR from the `target/` directory into your server's `plugins/` folder.
   - Restart or start the server. Spigot will load the NoBuild plugin during startup.
6. **Verify and Configure**
   - Run `/plugins` in the server console or in-game to confirm that "NoBuild" appears in the list.
   - Grant the `nobuild.bypass` permission to any players who should be allowed to build.

Once installed, non-operator players without the permission will be unable to place blocks, helping prevent griefing on your server.

## Makefile Commands

You can also use the provided Makefile for common development tasks:

- `make compile` – Build the plugin JAR with Maven.
- `make test` – Run any unit tests.
- `make lint` – Execute Checkstyle analysis.
